We get the general authentication logic implemented.
Now there's one tiny optional change.
I want to make.
We got a lot of off related logic here in AB J.S. and you can't keep it there but I personally think
a custom hook which would manage all this user auth related data and logic would be quite neat.
We could take all that state here to log in and to log out function and these two use affect calls and
we could cut it all from here.
If we have a properly implemented hook so we'll add my own hook here.
Do you off hook and in their export of function use off or however you want to name it and then deer
paste in everything.
I just cut from app J.S. now in here I of course need to import some things from react.
I need to import use state I need to import.
Use callback and use effect and I also here of course want to have my logout timer so I'll cut this
variable here as well and added as a variable outside of my hook.
Here now this hook should return something it should return access to my log in and log out functions
as well as information about the state so I will return token here.
I will return log in and I will return.
Log out in this object and return overall from my hook and now in AB J.S. we can import use off from
shared hooks off hook and then just call it like this here.
Use of and we get back an object which we can d structure which has the token which has to log in and
to log out.
Function here at the bottom.
I always want the user I.D. So in the off hook we should return this as well.
It is a state off his hook.
So of course we can simply return user I.D. this state here I simply return this here as well and they
offer an app to us we can extract it we can extract user I.D. from the object use of returns and with
that our aptly as follows should work.
Ask before everything should work ask before we can now just clean up some unused imports here but we
shouldn't have any changes in the app functionality.
So if I log in here this should still work if I reload.
This works for manually log out.
I stay locked out if I log in again thereafter.
This should all the work again.
Yeah.
Looking good if I try to added to my place here.
Well I have no places so if I add a place here Marine plus you know the place Marine plus one and pic
my image and click Add place does all the works I can retrieve it here I can add it so clearly my token
is managed correctly.
Otherwise the back end would complain I can reload and this day offer is all looking pretty pretty neat.
So as Dad we added off indication and I think with the off hook.
We also were able to outsource all the core of logic into a separate file and therefore keep our app
J.S. file really really leading.